DP-64: Add meta descriptions to each page in the operation guide. (#6376)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/events/perf-data.adoc

= SNMP Trap Performance Data

> :description: Persist performance data from SNMP traps in OpenNMS Horizon/Meridian, including example configurations: graph.properties, resource types, Karaf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Persist performance data from SNMP traps in OpenNMS Horizon/Meridian, including example configurations, resource types, and graphing.
```
